Add to ServerLogs dependency of RemoteAccess (#13498)
demisto/content: Packs/ServerLogs/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Scripts
##### ServerLogs

> - Added required dependency of **Remote Access** integration (**ssh** command).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added required dependency of the **Remote Access** integration.
```
